MAKE SURE TO BUILD IN PROTECTION FOR "BORKEN STOCKS"

Notes: consider expanding max/min def to more than 7 day span, maybe 10/15?
       consider making a formula
       consider scanning for patterns before huge runs, commonalities. Perhaps can weed out patterns or formations
		that don't go anywhere.

Steps:
1) Find/make intersection w/ stock plot and w/ line method/function. xxxxxxxxxxxxx
	a) intersection with stock plot will be buy/sell trigger
	b) returns boolean
2) Calculate slopes and eqtns for any two points xxxxxxxxxx
	a) if eqtn intersects with stock plot AT TIME AFTER X2 then throw out
	b) else add to list
3) Make a function/method that combines any trendlines that are similar xxxxxxxxxx
	a) similarity defined as Y difference at same X
4) Make a function/method that finds any intersection w/trendlines in last 5 days. xxxxxxxxxx
	a) consider filtering out stocks that cross the trendline with a low slope. F
	   find best fit linear regression for last 10 days and slope must exceed some number.
5) Consider making a class called "stocks"
6) Make a custom strategy or indicator that does stuff
7) Make volatility measure.
    a) Find average percent change per day for a year for 1000 random stocks, 500 from both indices.
    b) Find the median or mean % change/day for a year.
    c) Adjust for volatility by multiplying a stock's gain/loss in statistical analysis by multiplying by (avg volatility/stock's volatility).
    d)
8) Do a statistical analysis:
    a) First, scan the market for the average angle crossover over a trendline and see if it correlates with likelihood/degree of price change.
    b) Isolate large rallies over a small period of time and examine what precedes them in the last month.
    c) Find common patterns; consider making a "pattern" class and add it to the "stock" class, or by itself.
    d) Scan a test market of around 100 stocks, find correlation between factors such as trendline "strength", angle, indicators, custom strategies, #of trendlines, etc.
        A) REMEMBER TO CONTROL FOR VOLATILITY
    e) make a rating system based on correlations for stocks. Find correlation between "rating" of stocks and of stock success, and likelihood of making money.
10) Make a function/method screener.
	a) Scans for different patterns and stuff.
	b) MAKE SURE TO BUILD IN PROTECTION FOR "BORKEN STOCKS"

